.\"
.\" robinhood(8)
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2008 CEA/DAM
.TH robinhood 8 "19 Feb 2009"

.SH NAME
RobinHood Reporting Tool - Tool for building detailed reports about a filesystem.

.SH SYNOPSIS
robinhood-report [options] [report_type]

.SH DESCRIPTION

This command builds detailed reports by retrieving information from Robinhood's database.
For example, it can report the total number of entries of each type in the filesystem,
the min/max/average size of files, the min/max/avg number of entries in directories,
the space used by each user...

.SH COMMAND LINE OPTIONS

.BR
.SH Report types
.BR

.B -a
,
.B --activity
            Displays a report about Robinhood daemon's activity

.B -i
,
.B --fsinfo
            Displays a report about filesystem content

.B -u
.ul
user
,
.B --userinfo
[
.ul
user
]
            Displays a report about a given user. If no user is specified, generate reports for all users.

.B -g
.ul
group
,
.B --groupinfo
[
.ul
group
]
            Displays a report about a given group. If no group is specified, generate reports for all groups.

.B -d
.ul
count
,
.B --topdirs
[
.ul
count
]
            Returns a list of the
.ul
count
largest directories (with the highest number of child entries). 

.B -s
.ul
count
,
.B --topsize
[
.ul
count
]
            Returns a list of the
.ul
count
largest files.

.B -p
.ul
count
,
.B --toppurge
[
.ul
count
]
            Returns a list of the
.ul
count
files that are likely to be purged first (estimation).

.B -r
.ul
count
,
.B --toprmdir
[
.ul
count
]
            Displays oldest empty directories eligible for rmdir, and their deadline.

.B -U
.ul
count
,
.B --topusers
[
.ul
count
]
            Returns a list of the top disk space consumers in filesystem.

.BR
.SH Config file options
.BR

.B -f
.ul
file
,
.B --config-file=
.ul
file
            Specifies path to configuration file. This should be the same as Robinhood daemon.

.BR
.SH Output format options
.BR

.B -c
,
.B --csv
	Output stats in a csv-like format for parsing them easily.

.BR
.SH Log options
.BR

.B -l
.ul
level
,
.B --log-level=
.ul
level
            Force the log verbosity level (overides configuration value).
            Allowed values: CRIT, MAJOR, EVENT, VERB, DEBUG, FULL.

.BR
.SH Miscellaneous options
.BR

.B -h
,
.B --help
            Display a short help about command line options.

.B -V
,
.B --version
            Display version info

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR robinhood(8)
.SH AUTHORS
.BR
Thomas Leibovici <thomas.leibovici@cea.fr>
.BR
