.\"
.\" robinhood(8)
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2010 CEA/DAM
.TH robinhood 8 "March 23, 2009"

.SH NAME
RobinHood - Monitoring and purge tool for large file systems

.SH SYNOPSIS
robinhood [options]
rh-hsm    [options]

.SH DESCRIPTION

RobinHood's purpose is to monitor and purge temporary file systems.
It performs all its tasks in parallel, so it it particularly adapted
for managing large file systems. Moreover, it is Lustre capable i.e.
it can monitor OST usage independantly, and purge files per OST.

It can also be used for synchronizing a local filesystem with a HSM,
by applying admin-defined migration/purge policies.
Thus, it can be used as PolicyEngine for Lustre-HSM.

.SH COMMAND LINE OPTIONS

.BR
.SH Action switches
.BR

.B -S
,
.B --scan
            Scan filesystem namespace.

.B -P
,
.B --purge
            Purge non-directory entries according to policy.

.B -R
,
.B --rmdir
(except for Lustre-HSM)
            Remove empty directories according to policy.

.B -M
,
.B --migrate
(HSM purposes only)
            Copy 'dirty' entries to HSM.

.B -H
,
.B --readlog
(Lustre-HSM only)
            Read events from MDT ChangeLog.

.B -U
,
.B --unlink
(Lustre-HSM only)
            Perform deferred unlinks to HSM.

.BR
.SH Manual purge actions
.BR

.B --purge-ost=
.ul
ost_index
,
.ul
target_usage_pct
            Purge files on the OST specified by
.ul
ost_index
until it reaches the specified usage.
            E.g.: --purge-ost=15,80.7 : purge files on OST 15 until its usage falls to 80.7%.

.B --purge-fs=
.ul
target_usage_pct
            Purge files until the filesystem usage reaches the specified value.
            E.g.: --purge-fs=75.5 : purge files until filesystem usage decrease to 75.5%.

.BR
.SH Manual migration actions (Lustre-HSM only)
.BR

.B --migrate-ost=
.ul
ost_index
            Apply migration policies to files on the given OST.

.B --migrate-user=
.ul
user_name
	    Apply migration policies to files owned by
.ul
user_name
.

.B --migrate-group=
.ul
group_name
	    Apply migration policies to files owned by group
.ul
grp_name
.

.BR
.SH Behavior options
.BR

.B --dry-run
            Only report actions that would be performed (rmdir, migration, purge) without really doing them.

.B -i
,
.B --ignore-policies
            Force migration/purge of all eligible files, ignoring policy conditions.

.B -O
,
.B --once
            Perform only one pass of the specified action and exit.

.B -d
,
.B --detach
            Daemonize the process (detach prom parent process).

.BR
.SH Config file options
.BR

.B -f
.ul
file
,
.B --config-file=
.ul
file
            Specifies path to configuration file.

.B -T
.ul
file
,
.B --template=
.ul
file
            Write a configuration file template to the specified path.

.B -D
,
.B --defaults
            Display default configuration values.

.BR
.SH Filesystem options
.BR


.B -F
.ul
path
,
.B --fs-path=
.ul
path
            Force the path of the filesystem to be managed (overides configuration value).

.B -t
.ul
type
,
.B --fs-type=
.ul
type
            Force the type of filesystem to be managed (overides configuration value).

.BR
.SH Log options
.BR

.B -L
.ul
logfile
,
.B --log-file=
.ul
logfile
            Force the path to the log file (overides configuration value).
            Special values "stdout" and "stderr" can be used.


.B -l
.ul
level
,
.B --log-level=
.ul
level
            Force the log verbosity level (overides configuration value).
            Allowed values: CRIT, MAJOR, EVENT, VERB, DEBUG, FULL.

.BR
.SH Miscellaneous options
.BR

.B -h
,
.B --help
            Display a short help about command line options.

.B -V
,
.B --version
            Display version info

.B -p
.ul
pidfile
,
.B --pid-file=
.ul
pidfile
             Pid file (used for service management).

.SH SIGNALS
Send
.B SIGTERM
(kill <pid>) or
.B SIGINT
for performing a clean shutdown.

Send
.B SIGHUP
(kill -HUP <pid>) for reloading dynamic parameters from config file.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR robinhood-report(8)
.SH AUTHORS
.BR
Thomas Leibovici <thomas.leibovici@cea.fr>
.BR
